(LOOΠΔ has arrived in Paris!)
HeeJin : I'm good
HeeJin : but a bit sleepy...
HeeJin : I coudn't get much sleep in airplane
'What time do you go to bed normally?'
HeeJin & HyunJin : 1 or 2 AM?
(They're supposed to be sleeping!)
(They're watching Paris' beautiful sky while the train is moving!)
(At that time! the airport rail lurched suddenly!)
HeeJin : She suddenly hugged me from the back...
HeeJin : She makes my heart flutter!
'Did you imagine that you will do a photo shoot in Paris?'
HeeJin : No!
(Nobody expected to come Paris!)
HyunJin : I just thought we were going to Japan~
HeeJin : I didn't expect that we came to europe, especially Paris. It's amazing..
(The girls are taking a selfie as soon as they get out of the car)
HeeJin : (We took a selfie) because we arrived in Paris!!
HeeJin : I'm so excited!